Update WebGL docs (#12116)
bokeh/bokeh: sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/webgl.rst

<userguide_webgl_supported_glyphs>`. When you enable WebGL, you are requesting
that WebGL rendering is used if available. Glyphs that are not available in the
WebGL output backend are rendered with the default canvas backend.

.. _userguide_webgl_supported_glyphs:

Supported glyphs
----------------

Bokeh's WebGL support covers the following fixed-shape glyphs:

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.block`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.circle`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.hbar`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.hex_tile`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.quad`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.rect`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.scatter`

* :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.vbar`

WebGL support for these fixed-shape glyphs covers the following properties:

* all :ref:`fill properties <userguide_styling_fill_properties>`
* all :ref:`line properties <userguide_styling_line_properties>` except for
  dashed lines (which will be ignored)
* all :ref:`hatch properties <userguide_styling_hatch_properties>` except for
  hatch images using the ``hatch_extra`` property (which will be ignored).

There is also full WebGL support for :func:`~bokeh.plotting.figure.line`

> glyphs, although the appearance of dashed lines with round and square end caps
> needs improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
glyphs, although the appearance of dashed lines with round and square end caps
may differ slightly from the default HTML canvas rendering.
```
Veers a little too much towards editorializing for docs

Author: Done.

If you enable Bokeh's webGL output backend, WebGL will be used whenever
supported by a browser. This includes output in :ref:`Jupyter notebooks or
Jupyter lab <userguide_jupyter>` and when :ref:`exporting Bokeh plots to PNG
<userguide_export>` if the underlying browser (including headless browsers)
supports WebGL. In case a browser does not support WebGL, Bokeh automatically
falls back to the standard canvas output backend.

When to use WebGL
-----------------

A general rule of thumb is that Bokeh's default canvas output backend works well
if you are rendering fewer than 10,000 markers or points. For plots with more

> than 10,000 markers or points, WebGL will usually give noticeably better

Reviewer: Where did the 10k value come from? It seems low IMO. If I up the `color_scatter.py` example to N=50000 it still performs fairly responsively to me, even with LOD completely disabled.

Author: It comes from my dev system, which probably has better hardware acceleration than a typical dev system?

Author: Maybe we should be less specific then. Fewer than 10k = canvas is fine, greater than 100k = webgl better, in between it depends on your hardware, etc so you need to try it out yourself to see what is best.

Reviewer: This sounds good to me, although I'd also be fine with just a slightly higher value, say 25k? Whichever you think is better.

Author: I've opted for 25k.

Reviewer 2: When talking about canvas' performance, one should also consider what Nk data points statement actually refers to. Canvas will be perfectly happy to render a lot of markers, as long as one doesn't change visuals. If every marker has a different color, then performance will degrade significantly. This is the area where webgl backend is particularly strong at.

Reviewer: I was testing at this level with `color_scatter.py` I think 25k is a reasonable compromise heuristic. Canvas can certainly do better in some cases.
